Fanxing, I am your brother
Please say something nice to me.
Starry Stars
Yueyue, I am your uncle
Say something nice for me
Brother, have you treated me as your sister for so many years?
When you were dying
When you hit Yueyue
Do you think you are my biological brother?
Ha ha.
It's him, it's all him
He made me do it.
He loves me too.
You jerk
They can do whatever they want
I read it again and again
But you are the dream of Brother Fanxing
Let you go, but you can't do it yourself
Ruthless is the most hateful
Life is the hardest to escape
Come on.
Take it to the most desolate place in Beijing to pick up garbage
Pick it up clean
And you, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have taken a taxi
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
My daughter, since you hit
You have to pay the price
one leg
Sorry.
We will not change the month.
I'm sorry I let you down for five years
From Now On
I am your strong backing